samples: nrf9160: modem_shell: add MQTT connection to nRF cloud (#6190)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/modem_shell/README.rst

     rest -d example.com -l 1024 -m head -H "X-foo1: bar1\x0D\x0A" -H "X-foo2: bar2\x0D\x0A"

----

> Cloud

Reviewer: We are missing compilation instructions from `Building and running` section so there should be a new subsection like for other overlays.

Author: Done!

> nRF Cloud

Author: Changed to simply "Cloud"

=========

MoSh command: ``cloud``

nRF Cloud is a platform for providing, among other things, various location services.

> Modem shell enables you to establish an MQTT connection to nRF Cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Modem Shell enables you to establish an MQTT connection to nRF Cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library.
```

> nRF Cloud is a platform for providing, among other things, various location services. Modem shell
> enables the user to establish an MQTT connection to nRF Cloud by using :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud`.
> Currently, ``cloud`` command is useful mostly when utilizing the Location tool and MQTT is the
> desired transport protocol. However, there is no limit on what nRF Cloud services can be used once
> the MQTT connection is established.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
nRF Cloud is a platform for providing, among other things, various location services.
Modem shell enables you to establish an MQTT connection to nRF Cloud using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library.
Currently, the ``cloud`` command is useful mostly when using the location services and MQTT is the desired transport protocol.
However, you can use any nRF Cloud services once the MQTT connection is established.
```

Author: Thanks. I updated also the example...it was a bit too trivial.

Examples
--------

> * Establish the connection to nRF Cloud, request cell based location of the device, and disconnect when ready:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Establish the connection to nRF Cloud, request the cell-based location of the device, and disconnect when ready:
```
